Deactivate --assemble in CLI (#16521)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

* General: Restrict the existing experimental features (`generic-solidity`, `lsp`, `ethdebug`, `eof`, `evm`, `ast-import`, `evmasm-import`, `ir-ast`, `ssa-cfg`) to experimental mode.
* Metadata: Store the state of the experimental mode in JSON and CBOR metadata. In CBOR this broadens the meaning of the existing `experimental` field, which used to indicate only the presence of certain experimental pragmas in the source.
* Standard JSON Interface: Introduce `settings.experimental` setting required for enabling the experimental mode.

> * Yul: Drop the deprecated assembly input mode that was only accessible via `--assemble` in the CLI.

Reviewer: This is really just an interface change. The actual input mode has been dropped years ago and the option was just a prop.

```suggestion
* Commandline Interface: Disallow selecting the deprecated assembly input mode that was only accessible via `--assemble` instead of treating it as equivalent to `--strict-assembly`.
```

Author: Yeah that's fair, took over your suggestion
